Add PUBLISHING.md guide explaining pubsys and related tools (#1138)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: BUILDING.md

```

This will build an image for the default variant, `aws-k8s-1.17`.
All packages will be built in turn, and then compiled into an `img` file in the `build/images/` directory.

> The image will receive the version number from the `Release.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image file names will include the version number from the `Release.toml` file.
```

Reviewer: I guess I'm just unsure what "receive" means in this context.

Reviewer 2: It's just not the image file names, though - it propagates through buildsys, to Dockerfile VERSION_ID, into rpm2img, and from there into os-release, which shows up in the API and some other places in the OS.  "receive" was a generic way of saying that the version of the image (wherever that version is used) is this one.  What do you think, how can we clarify?

Reviewer: I see, then can we explain just a little bit more about how the version number is used within the image? Perhaps,
 ```suggestion
The image's OS release version will be set to the `version` from the [`Release.toml` file](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/Release.toml).
```
(I can't think of anywhere else in Bottlerocket besides /etc/os-release and `apiclient -u /os` that uses the version number)
